The ball is long and I am aggressive
No wonder I'm welcome
It's you chatting
Are you crazy?
That sheep is just a piece of trash you picked up
You are doing it for him now
He took out the only heaven-grade elixir of the Lin family
It is the temple where Lingdan runs
Cultivation can instantly increase two cups of squid
Lin Chachu, you raise mercy for this
He actually took the elixir at risk
Aren't you afraid that you'll die of a broken vein after taking the medicine?
I have regarded Yang Er as my own
If Yang Er is in danger
I will give everything to protect her and protect you
you
You are cruel
The master's disciple has been abolished
But don't let him go.
Don't worry, Mr. Tian's medicinal materials are complete
The old man must cure you
At that time, this hatred
You report it yourself
Oh, wait for me.
I am the first to seek revenge on you when I am healed
Well, you don't have to
In a few days, it will be the day of Tianzong's election
At that time, I will personally go to Tianzong
What's the grudge?
Conspiracy at any time
Humph
Just you, a piece of trash with bad character and murdering your compatriots
Do you want to join my Tianzong or dream?
Where I want to go
No one can stop
Brother, are you really going to Tianzong?
You'd better not go.
That day, the nine chapters of the sect will definitely embarrass you
Yeah yaoer
I advise you to recharge at home
It's not too late to wait until the cultivation base breaks through.
Don't worry, I will go to Tianzong
Free self-esteem
Level 1 talent unqualified next
Level 3 talent is unqualified
Next next hahaha
This is too strict
It seems that I have no hope
Yes, he just didn't expect that ten thousand years have passed
It's Master's turn to look up to you, boy
Antelope, who gave your dog the guts to hold your chest up?